surface level reading of Dos is that he
is either a god a reflection of a god a
prince who died ages ago or a collection
of household insects given material form
by anthy depending on the version of
your story now yes if you want to you
can look at him like that and that who
he was is now a Spector that resides in
the sword Andor Castle he is the figure
who gave utena her signant ring and
inspired her to become a prince and he
is not AIO though can be read as and is
occasionally a reflection of AIO for all
that dios is approached with the
language of the Christian God akio's
name is derived from a Japanese
character used in the name for Venus the
Morning Star which is associated with
Lucifer Lucifer which is dare I say a
misappropriated name for Satan Lucifer
instead originally referred to a Persian
God Of The Morning Light and Satan
actually means the accuser not the devil
he was God's prosecutor not his enemy
Frenemies but anyway religion and anime
fun